# SoFiA default settings
# Do not modify this file!


# General pipeline settings

pipeline.pedantic               =       true
pipeline.trackMemory            =       false


# Pipeline modules

steps.doSubcube                 =       false
steps.doFlag                    =       false
steps.doSmooth                  =       false
steps.doScaleNoise              =       false
steps.doFilterArtefacts         =       false
steps.doWavelet                 =       false
steps.doSCfind                  =       true
steps.doThreshold               =       false
steps.doCNHI                    =       false
steps.doMerge                   =       true
steps.doReliability             =       false
steps.doParameterise            =       true
steps.doWriteFilteredCube       =       false
steps.doWriteNoiseCube          =       false
steps.doWriteMask               =       false
steps.doWriteCat                =       true
steps.doMom0                    =       false
steps.doMom1                    =       false
steps.doCubelets                =       false
steps.doDebug                   =       false
steps.doOptical                 =       false


# Import module

import.inFile                   =       data/subcube_225_channels.fits
import.invertData               =       false
import.weightsFile              =
import.maskFile                 =
import.sources                  =       []
import.weightsFunction          =
import.subcube                  =       []
import.subcubeMode              =       pixel


# Flagging module

flag.regions                    =       []
flag.file                       =


# Optical finder module

optical.sourceCatalogue         =
optical.spatSize                =       0.01
optical.specSize                =       1e+5
optical.storeMultiCat           =       false


# Smoothing module

smooth.kernel                   =       gaussian
smooth.edgeMode                 =       constant
smooth.kernelX                  =       3.0
smooth.kernelY                  =       3.0
smooth.kernelZ                  =       3.0


# Noise scaling module

scaleNoise.method               =       global
scaleNoise.statistic            =       mad
scaleNoise.fluxRange            =       all
scaleNoise.scaleX               =       false
scaleNoise.scaleY               =       false
scaleNoise.scaleZ               =       true
scaleNoise.edgeX                =       0
scaleNoise.edgeY                =       0
scaleNoise.edgeZ                =       0
scaleNoise.windowSpatial        =       25
scaleNoise.windowSpectral       =       15
scaleNoise.gridSpatial          =       0
scaleNoise.gridSpectral         =       0
scaleNoise.interpolation        =       none
scaleNoise.perSCkernel          =       false


# Filter artefacts

filterArtefacts.threshold       =       4.0
filterArtefacts.dilation        =       3


# 2D-1D wavelet finder module

wavelet.threshold               =       5.0
wavelet.scaleXY                 =       -1
wavelet.scaleZ                  =       -1
wavelet.positivity              =       false
wavelet.iterations              =       3


# S+C finder module

SCfind.threshold                =       6.0
SCfind.sizeFilter               =       0.0
SCfind.maskScaleXY              =       2.0
SCfind.maskScaleZ               =       2.0
SCfind.edgeMode                 =       constant
SCfind.rmsMode                  =       negative
SCfind.fluxRange                =       all
SCfind.kernels                  =       [[0, 0, 0, 'b'], [0, 0, 3, 'b'], [0, 0, 7, 'b'], [0, 0, 15, 'b'], [3, 3, 0, 'b'], [3, 3, 3, 'b'], [3, 3, 7, 'b'], [3, 3, 15, 'b'], [6, 6, 0, 'b'], [6, 6, 3, 'b'], [6, 6, 7, 'b'], [6, 6, 15, 'b']]
SCfind.kernelUnit               =       pixel
SCfind.verbose                  =       true


# CNHI finder module

CNHI.pReq                       =       1e-5
CNHI.qReq                       =       3.8
CNHI.minScale                   =       5
CNHI.maxScale                   =       -1
CNHI.medianTest                 =       true
CNHI.verbose                    =       1


# Threshold finder module

threshold.threshold             =       4.0
threshold.clipMethod            =       relative
threshold.rmsMode               =       std
threshold.fluxRange             =       all
threshold.verbose               =       false


# Merging module

merge.radiusX                   =       2
merge.radiusY                   =       2
merge.radiusZ                   =       30
merge.minSizeX                  =       2
merge.minSizeY                  =       2
merge.minSizeZ                  =       20
merge.maxSizeX                  =       20
merge.maxSizeY                  =       20
merge.maxSizeZ                  =       200
merge.minVoxels                 =       90
merge.maxVoxels                 =       -1
merge.minLoS                    =       -1
merge.maxLoS                    =       -1
merge.minFill                   =       -1
merge.maxFill                   =       -1
merge.minIntens                 =       -9e+30
merge.maxIntens                 =       9e+30
merge.positivity                =       false


# Parametrisation module

parameters.getUncertainties     =       false
parameters.fitBusyFunction      =       false
parameters.optimiseMask         =       false
parameters.dilateMask           =       true
parameters.dilateThreshold      =       0.02
parameters.dilatePixMax         =       2
parameters.dilateChanMax        =       16

# Reliability module

reliability.parSpace            =       ['snr_mean', 'snr_sum', 'snr_max']
reliability.logPars             =       [1, 1, 1]
reliability.autoKernel          =       true
reliability.scaleKernel         =       0.5
reliability.usecov              =       true
reliability.negPerBin           =       1.0
reliability.skellamTol          =       -0.5
reliability.kernel              =       [0.15, 0.05, 0.1]
reliability.fMin                =       10.0
reliability.threshold           =       0.9
reliability.makePlot            =       false


# Output module

writeCat.overwrite              =       true
writeCat.compress               =       false
writeCat.outputDir              =
writeCat.basename               =
writeCat.writeASCII             =       true
writeCat.writeXML               =       false
writeCat.writeSQL               =       false
writeCat.parameters             =       ['*']